Centralized Placement Committee, West Bengal (CPC)l, is a team of highly motivated and dedicated individuals from different Institutes of West Bengal, who selflessly and relentlessly work for providing placement supports and opportunities to the meritorious and enthusiastic students who are mainly located in rural belts along with other main region where the opportunities are limited.  Placement Committee supervises and manages the whole placement process which includes but is not limited to interacting with the recruitment company HR representatives, reaching out to Institutes/Universities for required students database based on company’s eligibility conditions/criteria, arranging necessary infrastructure to conduct the placement drive for all students of West Bengal. CPC strives to maintain Corporate relations with the potential recruiters, develop a sense of trust, belief amongst the industries wrt West Bengal and its immense talent pool, maintain Database of Companies and establishing strategic links for campus recruitment, get in touch with corporate, start-ups for different sectors and tap in opportunities and lastly, to assist recruiters to achieve their hiring goals.
It is the endeavor of CPC to keep the entire process fully democratic, transparent, inclusive and to ensure that student expectations and goals are kept in mind so that maximum benefit is provided to students..
Since the past 7 years the members of CPC have been associated with all central placement activities with active participation and thereby support by all private and government institutes / universities of West Bengal. 
In the vein, CPC is grateful, and, deeply appreciate the leading corporates who have reposed their faith by supporting West Bengal for the past many years. 
All activities of the Committee are purely voluntary, non-profit and with absolutely no monetary transactions and/or consideration.
DEAR CORPORATE LEADERS AND CITIZENS, turning employment possibilities into reality takes a lot of work, perseverance and intent. It doesn’t just happen. When it comes to exploring and pursuing your hiring options from Bengal, the CPC’s team is ready to help.
CPC is ready to help you in recruitment of engineering/management post graduates and graduates, diploma holders, BBA, BCA, PHARMA, B.COM students and other streams etc.
Engineering education system in West Bengal is a time-tested paradigm catering for decades to the industries and academia. Culturally and ethnically diverse West Bengal is replete with allures of history, heritage and tourist pleasures. 
